EDITORIAL LAKSHMI SANKARAN
WHY IT'S TIME
TRAVEL IS AS MUCH ABOUT GEOGRAPHY AS IT IS ABOUT PEOPLE, IN LANDS THAT DON'T INHABIT OUR MINDS AS OFTEN
OUR MISSION National Geographic Traveller India is about immersive travel and authentic storytelling, inspiring readers to Create their own journeys and return with amazing stories Our distinctive yellow rectangle is a window into a world of unparalleled diScovery
TO
TAKE A HIKE
One of the finer books I read this year was John Kaags Hiking With Nietzsche. in which Kaag, a professor of philosophy, rekindles his passion for the German thinker while tracing picturesque hiking trails in the mountains of Switzerland. It's a near-precise rendering of the travelogue as a self-help book. A young Kaag was an avowed Nietzsche acolyte but given the ravages of responsibilities and adulthood, the writer put his affinity to test by undertaking physically enduring hikes through the Alps, revisiting haunts that the philosopher escaped to, in search of solitude and salve. The journey's demands, coupled with his own inner turmoil, are catnip for anybody feeling at cross purposes with their own life. In the book, Kaag quotes Neitzsche writing to his mother after he had spent time in Splugen, "I was overcome by the desire to remain here... this high alpine valley... There are pure, strong gusts of air, hills and boulders of all shapes... But what pleases me the most are the splendid highroads over which I walk for hours." Travel as the answer to searching questions is hardly a radical idea but what's endearing about the book is that it subtly confirms a basic tenet of why we go on these journeys in the first place. Sometimes, being on the move matters more than anything else. 
Meandering through his hikes with me and child, Kaag faces endangering He doesn't always accomplish what these art to do. "Slipping" is as important as climbing he insists, and he persists. Travel writing's bogeyman. I have beer -, again and again, is the Internet. Information and narrative are in abundance from tourist traversing to parts of the world that were once inaccessible with frequency. Where to go, how to go there, and what to do once a person is there is now easily definable. And if more catastrophic visions of the future are to be believed, one day an algorithm will dolt better than any of us. What must then a tray epilogue accomplish? ;74 Kaag's book reminded me, that it was to establish an intimate ar.c.f irirnediate hur connection to a place. TI-fts can never be rated highly enough. Trays is as much about geography as it is about people, in lands that don't inhabit our minds as often. It's an urgent hammer taken to the numbing solipsism and drudgery that modern living descends into. It is storytelling, which never gets old. As another year dawns, NGTI has an exhaustive compendium of places. beloved and obscure, from across India and the world that should find its way to any adventurer's. 2019 itinerary. Travel, for all its ubiquity, still has plenty of seduction left in it.
